README.md, before:

CV
=========

Hannah Knights is a web developer based in London.

###Background


An intrinsic love of making and building things brought me to learning to code. This passion prevails, alongside a desire to extend my capabilities in new languages, giving me more tools for the job. My fine art background lends me well to imagining the overall picture of applications and connecting the dots between front and back-end code. I believe in clean and concise code that functions efficiently to create smooth running applications. 

I am looking to master my knowledge of Ruby and JavaScript alongside broadening my experience of new languages and technologies. I am conscientious in my attention to learning new skills thoroughly and enjoy applying myself fully to any given task.


### Skills

#### Technologies

  - Ruby 2.0
  - Rails 4
  - Sinatra
  - PostgreSQL
  - DataMapper and ActiveRecord
  - JavaScript, jQuery and CoffeeScript
  - HTML5
  - CSS3
  - Twitter Bootstrap
  - WebSockets
  - User Authentication with bcrypt and Devise
  - Facebook/Twitter User Authentication with Devise OmniAuth
  - MailGun API with RestClient
  - API intigration including Stripe, Twilio, Graph API and Paperclip
  - Deployment with Heroku
  - Unit testing with RSpec and Jasmine
  - Integration testing with Capybara
  - Version Control with GitHub

#### Style
  
  - Test Driven Development
  - Object Orientated Programming
  - Agile values
  - Clean and concise code
  - Pair programming


### Makers Academy
**Web Development Course: November 2013 &mdash;January 2014**

  - A 3 month, full-time 'code bootcamp' course that lived up to its promise that you will 'eat, breathe and sleep code'.
  - Hands on learning with tutorship from expert web developers who champion best practice and specialise in agile values of development; [Evgeny Schadnev](https://github.com/makersacademy), [Enrique Comba Riepenhausen](https://github.com/ecomba) and [Alex Peattie](https://github.com/alexpeattie)
  - Main focuses on Ruby, Object Orientated Programming and TDD

### Code examples

The learning I undertook at Makers Academy was driven by projects, testing one's understanding of the logic of code in real applications. These are not necessarily finished applications but projects which demonstrate my style of coding and abilities. 


| [Mixtape Dates](http://mixtapedates.com) | Post-it | Link-it | Ruby Fundamentals |
|:--------- |:--------- |:--------- |:--------- |
| My final project at Makers Accademy; a mixtape dating site. 10 days of coding alongside [Jeremy Marer](https://github.com/jemboh) and [Kennerdeigh Scott](https://github.com/kenmasco). My main roles were on back-end Rails and Ruby, interacting with Facebook Graph API to collect the information for our user profiles and some jQuery for creating profiles. [Take a look at the code.](https://github.com/HannahKnights/mixtapes) | An application to upload images and comment on photos became a test-bed to make use of jQuery, Websockets and HTML5 Canvas Object. Post a photo, draw on it and watch the drawing render live on the homepage. [Take a look at the code.](https://github.com/HannahKnights/post-it-rails) | A simple application to organise links online.  This light-weight Sinatra application was my first application using a PostgreSQL database. [Take a look at the code.](https://github.com/HannahKnights/Bookmark-Manager)| A small test we took at Makers Academy to assess our knowledge of some Ruby fundamentals. Take a look at the answers to get a sense of my style of coding. [Take a look at the code.](https://github.com/HannahKnights/Ruby-Fundamentals-MA-week-8-test) |

### Education


**Edinburgh College of Art**

*2007&mdash;2011*

BA(Hons) Drawing and Painting

**King Ecgbert School, Sheffield**

*2000&mdash;2007* 

A Levels: A,A,B (Art, Graphics, Government & Politics)

GCSEs: 4 A*'s and 6 A's



Contact
-------
[Github](https://github.com/HannahKnights)

07745578234

[hannah.knights@hotmail.co.uk](hannah.knights@hotmail.co.uk)

Commit message:

Added previous experience to Readme

README.md, after:

CV
=========

I am a web developer based in London.  

###Background

An intrinsic love of making and building things brought me to learning to code. This passion prevails, alongside a desire to extend my capabilities in new languages, giving me more tools for the job. My fine art background lends me well to imagining the overall picture of applications and connecting the dots between front and back-end code. I believe in clean and concise code that functions efficiently to create smooth running applications. 

Having spent 12 weeks at Makers Academy to develop my technical skills I am now looking to master my knowledge of Ruby and JavaScript, alongside broadening my experience of new languages and technologies.


### Skills

#### Technologies

  - Ruby 2.0
  - Rails 4
  - Sinatra
  - PostgreSQL
  - DataMapper and ActiveRecord
  - JavaScript, jQuery and CoffeeScript
  - HTML5
  - CSS3
  - Twitter Bootstrap
  - WebSockets
  - User Authentication with bcrypt and Devise
  - Facebook/Twitter User Authentication with Devise OmniAuth
  - MailGun API with RestClient
  - API intigration including Stripe, Twilio, Graph API and Paperclip
  - Deployment with Heroku
  - Unit testing with RSpec and Jasmine
  - Integration testing with Capybara
  - Version Control with GitHub

#### Style
  
  - Test Driven Development
  - Object Orientated Programming
  - Agile values
  - Clean and concise code
  - Pair programming


### Makers Academy
**Web Development Course: November 2013 &mdash;January 2014**

  - A 3 month, full-time 'code bootcamp' course that lived up to its promise that you will 'eat, breathe and sleep code'
  - Hands on learning with tutorship from expert web developers who champion best practice and specialise in agile values of development; [Evgeny Schadnev](https://github.com/makersacademy), [Enrique Comba Riepenhausen](https://github.com/ecomba) and [Alex Peattie](https://github.com/alexpeattie)
  - Main focuses on Ruby, Object Orientated Programming and TDD

### Code examples

The learning I undertook at Makers Academy was driven by projects, testing one's understanding of the logic of code in real applications. These are not necessarily finished applications but projects which demonstrate my style of coding and abilities. 


| [Mixtape Dates](http://mixtapedates.com) | Post-it | Link-it | Ruby Fundamentals |
|:--------- |:--------- |:--------- |:--------- |
| My final project at Makers Accademy; a mixtape dating site. 10 days of coding alongside [Jeremy Marer](https://github.com/jemboh) and [Kennerdeigh Scott](https://github.com/kenmasco). My main roles were on back-end Rails and Ruby, interacting with Facebook Graph API to collect the information for our user profiles and some jQuery for creating profiles. [Take a look at the code.](https://github.com/HannahKnights/mixtapes) | An application to upload images and comment on photos became a test-bed to make use of jQuery, Websockets and HTML5 Canvas Object. Post a photo, draw on it and watch the drawing render live on the homepage. [Take a look at the code.](https://github.com/HannahKnights/post-it-rails) | A simple application to organise links online.  This light-weight Sinatra application was my first application using a PostgreSQL database. [Take a look at the code.](https://github.com/HannahKnights/Bookmark-Manager)| A small test we took at Makers Academy to assess our knowledge of some Ruby fundamentals. Take a look at the answers to get a sense of my style of coding. [Take a look at the code.](https://github.com/HannahKnights/Ruby-Fundamentals-MA-week-8-test) |

### Previous Experience

Prior to joing Makers Academy my basic knowldege of front-end developing, hosting and deploying was self-taught. Although the practices and knowledge I have know leads me to want to re-code all my prior work, it was an important time in beginning my excitement at the posibilities of coding.

A selection includes; a portfolio website for artist [James Clarkson](http://james-clarkson.co.uk)(running on wordpress) and a website for contemporary art publication [line magazine](http://linemagazine.co.uk).


### Education


**Edinburgh College of Art**

*2007&mdash;2011*

BA(Hons) Drawing and Painting


Contact
-------
[Github](https://github.com/HannahKnights)

07745578234

[hannah.knights@hotmail.co.uk](hannah.knights@hotmail.co.uk)
